Lingling and I went to Laosiua Tea House last night.
How was it?
It was great.
You know I wanted to see the Beijing Opera.
So Lingling offered to take me there.
We drank tea and watched an opera.
Did you understand the opera?
No.
It was difficult to understand the words.
But the actors and actresses were excellent.
How long did you stay?
We only planned to watch for an hour.
But in the end, we stayed for three hours.
Did you enjoy it?
Well, it was interesting.
That's the main thing.
I hope to understand more next time.
Do you often go to see the Beijing Opera Lingling?
No, I don't.
I wanted to take Betty to the Tea House because it's famous.
Who is Laosiua?
No idea.
Ask Lingling.
Laosiua is a great writer.
He's especially famous for his play, Tea House.